a Disney character
a Muppet
a Roman
a Spartan
a band
a barbarian
a beggar
a blind person
a cat
a caveman/cavewoman
a celebrity
a centaur
a clown
a colleague
a comedian
a comic/manga/etc character
a cop
a coward
a cowboy
a crazy professor
a creepy stranger
a criminal
a cyborg
a deaf person
a demon
a dinosaur
a doctor
a dog
a dragon
a dream creature
a dwarf
a fairy
a famous musician
a fictional character
a firefighter
a freak
a genie
a ghost
a giant
a gnome
a goblin
"a god","a griffin","a hacker","a half-elf","a half-orc","a highly
intelligent animal","a historic figure","a hitch-hiker","a hobo","a
hologram","a horse","a hunter","a journalist","a king","a knight","a
liar","a living snowman","a magician","a man","a martial art
professional","a mechanic","a mermaid/mernan","a minotaur","a model","a
monk","a monkey","a mutant","a mute person","a mysterious stranger","a
mythical creature","a nightmare creature","a ninja","a nomad","a nurse","a
paladin","a paramedic","a parrot","a pessimist","a phoenix","a pilot","a
pirate","a pretentious snob","a professional thief","a psychic","a
queen","a random student","a robot","a robot version of you","a rogue","a
scientist","a sentient tree","a skeleton","a snake","a soldier","a spoiled
person","a stranger","a super villain","a superhero","a survival
expert","a telepath","a time traveller","a titan","a toddler","a
traveller","a troll","a tv show character","a vampire","a very stubborn
person","a viking","a waiter/waitress","a wannabe","a warlock","a
werewolf","a wise old (wo)man","a witch","a wizard","a woman","a
writer","a zombie","an Olympic athlete","an acrobat","an addict","an
alien","an angel","an animal companion","an annoying person","an
arsonist","an astronaut","an elephant","an elf","an enemy","an escaped
convict","an evil fictional character","an evil historical figure","an
ex","an expert","an idiot","an imaginary friend","an internet troll","an
ogre","an old enemy","an online stranger","an optimist","an orc","an
overly emotional person","cupid","enemies","fictional characters","five
friends","five students","friends","historic figures","santa","someone who
can't understand you","the abominable snowman","the boy scouts","the
dentist","the ghost of somebody famous","the girl scouts","the grim
reaper","the in-laws","the neighbors","the president","three friends","two
friends","your (long lost) twin","your baby brother","your baby
sister","your best friend","your best friends","your boss","your
boyfriend","your child(ren)","your complete opposite","your cousin","your
crush","your father","your father-in-law","your future self","your
girlfriend","your grandfather","your grandmother","your
grandparents","your husband","your mother","your mother-in-law","your
older brother","your older sister","your parents","your past self","your
pets","your secret admirer","your siblings","your soulmate","your
teacher","your whole family","your wife","your worst enemy","yourself"
